gh-81548: Clarify the deprecation of octal sequences affect byte strings (#92643)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

  that was added in Python 3.10.
  (Contributed by Raymond Hettinger in :gh:`89519`.)

> * Octal escapes in :class:`bytes` objects with value larger than ``0o377`` now

Reviewer: in string and bytes literals

> * Octal escapes in :class:`bytes` objects with value larger than ``0o377`` now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Octal escapes in string and bytes literals with value larger than ``0o377`` now
```

>   produce a :exc:`DeprecationWarning`.

Reviewer 2: I think 'a' could be optionally left out: '...now produce DeprecationWarning'

>   produce a :exc:`DeprecationWarning`.

Author: ```suggestion
  produce :exc:`DeprecationWarning`.
```
